mysql update warnings (#212)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/upgrading/upgrade/MySQL.rst

.. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
   or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
   distributed with this work for additional information#
   regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
   to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
   "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
   with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
   software distributed under the License is distributed on an
   "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
   specific language governing permissions and limitations
   under the License.

|MySQL upgrade problems|

>    When upgrading newer CloudStack versions on older MySQL versions, some of the upgrade scripts may not apply fully on the database and some changes may be missing in the resulting installation. 
> 
>    Some versions of MySQL may not apply a SQL statement such as below which can be executed manually by the admin post-upgrade:
>    .. parsed-literal::
> ALTER TABLE nics MODIFY COLUMN update_time timestamp DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP;
> 
>    After the upgrade of CloudStack, when some versions of MySQL are upgraded they may require additional corrective SQL queries to applied manually to fix the schema such as those around altering column types as illustrated above.
> 
>    Known affected versions:
> 
>  -  5.7.34
>  -  8+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Users who may upgrade their MySQL server after upgrading to Apache CloudStack 4.15 or later, may need to run the following SQL query to fix an issue with "cloud.nics" table's column type which may lead to exception seen in the management server logs. Users who have already upgraded their MySQL server prior to upgrading to Apache CloudStack 4.15 may not need this as this query runs as part of the 4.14.x to 4.15.0.0 database upgrade path.

   .. parsed-literal::
ALTER TABLE nics MODIFY COLUMN update_time timestamp DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP;

The issue is known to affect the following MySQL server versions:

 -  5.7.34 or later
 -  8+
```
